
Migrating to Cloud-Native application architecture
NIST Definition special publication 800-145

Architecting for DevOps aids in Continuous Delivery
  adding some layer

Think about full lifecycle architecture

Architecture is abstract until it is operationalized

Architecture that are not operationalized exist only on whiteboards

Architecting for continuous delivery with Deployability and testability 

Deployability 
   Have our automated all of your deployment tasks?
   Can you transform a brand new deployment environment into your running architecture without manual work?
   Can your vary configuration across environments without rebuilding code?
   Do you deploy like this everywhere?
   Can you do this without your users noticing?
   
Testability
   Have you automated all testing tasks that you possibly can?
   Do you have to deploy all the things to test anything?
   If testing is an experiment can you control everything except your experimental variable?
   Can you run the same tests against any environment (including production)?
   Can you verify that you continue to meet your contractual obligations?

Cloud definition:
   Any computing environment in which computing, networking, and storage resources 
can be provisioned and released elastically in an on-demand, self-service manner
  On-demand self-service
  Broad network access
  Resource pooling
  Rapid elasticity
  Measured service
  
  public cloud , private cloud, community cloud, hybird cloud
  
  API Driven 
   Automation
   Audit
   Authorization
   Accounting
   
  Speed
   If you need, create it
   
Exploiting the capabilities of cloud can enhance our ability to practice DevOps and Continuous Delivery
  Disposability
    can i destroy a service instance at any time without consequence?
    can i repave the entire architecture at any time without consequence?
    can i repond to changes in demand by adding or removing instances of a service without consequence?
  
  Replaceability
    can i replace a sick service instance with a brand new copy without consequence?
    can i route traffic to any available service instance without consequence?
    if i lose an AZ or region, can i route traffic to another without consequence?
    can i swap between multiple implementations of the same service contract without consequence?
    
    
    
    

   

